A dream of three thousand different worlds travel
Today I know I am me
Who had the great dream in life before, I know it myself
Who are you, I am you, also immortal and incomplete.
What does that mean?
Because you have not completely cultivated the Longevity Manual.
But directly cultivate the seventh level.
As a result, your initial lifespan is affected by the lifespan formula.
When your withered meridians reach your heart
Your life is over too.
No, I don't.
I still want revenge.
You want revenge.
Quickly add Truong Sinh.
The secret of immortality evolved from the ultimate knowledge of the great sects.
Until you replenish it, you cannot practice other martial arts.
So how do I get revenge?
Longevity
Can make you travel a thousand years in your dreams
Thousand years of experience
Fear is not enough to get the secret back
Revenge?
Remember the puppet gate of the Nga Mi sect
Thanh Thanh sect empty door escape
They were all covered with Immortal Village.
Blood of the whole village
Is this not a dream?
It turns out it was all true.
Time is running out.
that we
I come here.